
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

I am an independent public health consultant with more than 20 years of
professional experience in community and public health in humanitarian
crises and developing country-settings, including as a community health
worker, medical doctor, and most recently as the Head of Valid Measures,
the specialised metrics, analytics and technology unit of [Valid
International](https://www.validinternational.org). I have expertise in
spatial epidemiology, geo-statistics, cartography and statistical
programming. In my role as head of Valid Measures, I led the design,
development and implementation of innovative surveys and assessments on
health and nutrition and bespoke analytical approaches that leverage the
advantages of Bayesian statistics and resampling techniques. I am a
founding member of [Katilingban](https://katilingban.io/), a collective
of public health and nutrition experts and practitioners. I am currently
a [consulting research data
scientist](https://www.ecohealthalliance.org/personnel/dr-ernest-guevarra)
for [EcoHealth Alliance](https://www.ecohealthalliance.org/) to support
its computational analytics work in support of pandemic preparedness and
One Health research and a Senior Research and Teaching Associate at the
[Centre for Tropical Medicine and Global
Health](https://www.tropicalmedicine.ox.ac.uk/), [Nuffield Department of
Medicine](https://www.ndm.ox.ac.uk/), [University of
Oxford](https://www.ox.ac.uk/).
